Add External PostgreSQL Docs and Adjust ordering (#5433)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/server-3-operator-externalizing-services.adoc

:page-layout: classic-docs
:page-liquid:
:icons: font
:toc: macro
:toc-title:

toc::[]

== External Database and Vault Setup for CircleCI Installations
This document describes how to configure the following external services for use with a CircleCI server 3.0 Installation:

* PostgreSQL v12.6

== PostgreSQL

=== Best Practices for your PostgreSQL

Consider running at least two or more PostgreSQL replicas to enable recovery from primary failure and for backups. Following are the recommended specifications of the PostgreSQL machines:

[.table.table-striped]
[cols=6*, options="header", stripes=even]
|===
|# of Daily Active Users
|# of PostgreSQL Replicas 
|CPU   
|RAM  
|Disk  
|NIC Speed 

|<50                    
|2                         
|8 Cores
|16 GB 
|100 GB 
| 1 Gbps

|50 - 250               
|2                         
|8 Cores
|16 GB 
|200 GB 
|1 Gbps

|250 - 1000             
|3                         
|8 Cores
|32 GB 
|500 GB 
|10 Gbps

|1000 - 5000            
|3                         
|8 Cores
|32 GB 
|1 TB   
|10 Gbps

|5000+                  
|3                         
|8 Cores
|32 GB 
|1 TB   
|10 Gbps
|===

=== Preparing the Database

> If you are configuring an externalized PostgreSQL instance as part of a new CircleCI 3.0 install, it is recommended that you login to your PostgreSQL instance and run the following commands. If you plan on using a different method, you must ensure that the databases and extensions outlined below are configured prior to running CircleCI Server 3.0 for the first time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are configuring an externalized PostgreSQL instance as part of a new CircleCI server 3.x install, it is recommended that you log in to your PostgreSQL instance and run the following commands. If you plan on using a different method, you must ensure that the databases and extensions outlined below are configured prior to running CircleCI server 3.x for the first time.
```

---
version:
- Server v3.x
- Server Admin
---
= CircleCI Server v3.x Configuring External Services
:page-layout: classic-docs
:page-liquid:
:icons: font
:toc: macro
:toc-title:

toc::[]

== External Database and Vault Setup for CircleCI Installations

> This document describes how to configure the following external services for use with CircleCI Server 3.0 Installation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to configure the following external services for use with a CircleCI server 3.0 Installation:
```

* PostgreSQL v12.6

== PostgreSQL

=== Best Practices for your PostgreSQL
[width="60%",frame="topbot",options="header,footer"]
Consider running at least two or more PostgreSQL replicas to enable recovery from primary failure and for backups. Following are the recommended specifications of the PostgreSQL machines:

> |=====================================================================================

Reviewer: I will check this branch out and fix the table formatting, it's quite different in asciidoc :-)

|# of Daily Active Users| # of PostgreSQL Replicas | CPU   | RAM  | Disk  | NIC Speed 
|<50                    |2                         |8 Cores|16 GB |100 GB | 1 Gbps
|50 - 250               |2                         |8 Cores|16 GB |200 GB | 1 Gbps
|250 - 1000             |3                         |8 Cores|32 GB |500 GB | 10 Gbps
|1000 - 5000            |3                         |8 Cores|32 GB |1 TB   | 10 Gbps
|5000+                  |3                         |8 Cores|32 GB |1 TB   | 10 Gbps
|=====================================================================================

=== Preparing the Database

> If you are configuring an externalized PostgreSQL instance as part of a new CircleCI 3.0 install, it is recommended that you login to your PostgreSQL instance and run the following commands. If you plan on using a different method, you must ensure that the databases and extensions outlined below are configured prior to running CircleCI Server 3.0 for the first time.

Reviewer 2: Since we have the capacity to do this, shouldn't this be executed automatically in server? Do we have to continuously update these commands every time a new service is onboarded and nudge customers to run migrations?

Author: > Since we have the capacity to do this, shouldn't this be executed automatically in server? Do we have to continuously update these commands every time a new service is onboarded and nudge customers to run migrations?

Heck yeah! I am always for automating as many things as we can.  TBH I am not sure how to accomplish this without doing some homework.  If this is trivial then please let me know how and I will get I done. 

Otherwise, we can make a card for this.

Reviewer: Did anything come of this? Just wondering if a card can be made so the thought isn't lost once this PR gets merged :-)

Reviewer: @nsmith5 ^^
